Add svelte@next caveat to bug report template (#5561)
sveltejs/svelte: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---

> ## Is this about svelte@next? This project is currently in a pre-release stage, we do not want any kind of bug reports or questions on GitHub about it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Is this about svelte@next? This project is currently in a pre-release stage. Please do not post any kind of bug reports or questions on GitHub about it.
```
